---
template: BlogPost
catagory: project
tags:
  - website
path: /projects
date: 2022-12-13T10:31:20.744Z
title: PS Media
metaDescription: >+
  Recently, we had the opportunity to work with PSMedia, a leading news agency,
  on a project to improve their online presence. Our goal was to create a modern
  and user-friendly website that would allow PSMedia to effectively showcase
  their content and engage with their audience.

thumbnail: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1614332287897-cdc485fa562d?ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1170&q=80
---
<!--StartFragment-->

Recently, we had the opportunity to work with PSMedia, a leading news agency, on a project to improve their online presence. Our goal was to create a modern and user-friendly website that would allow PSMedia to effectively showcase their content and engage with their audience.

To accomplish this, we utilized the Umbraco content management system (CMS) to create a flexible and scalable platform that would allow PSMedia to easily manage and publish a wide range of content. This included news articles, videos, and other multimedia, as well as interactive features such as polls and forums.

We also used the Umbraco Forms plugin to create a range of custom forms that would allow PSMedia's audience to provide feedback and participate in the news agency's reporting. This included forms for submitting news tips, requesting interviews, and providing feedback on articles.

In addition to the backend development, we also created the frontend of the website, using a modern and responsive design that would provide an optimal user experience across a range of devices. This included a clean and intuitive layout that would make it easy for users to navigate the site and find the content they were looking for.

One of the key challenges we faced during the development of the website was ensuring that it would be able to handle a large volume of traffic and a wide range of content. To address this, we implemented a range of performance optimization techniques, such as lazy loading and caching, to ensure that the site would remain fast and responsive even under heavy loads.

Overall, we are extremely proud of the work we were able to accomplish on this project for PSMedia. The new website we created provides a modern and user-friendly platform for the news agency to showcase their content and engage with their audience. We are grateful to have had the opportunity to work with PSMedia, and we look forward to continuing to support their efforts to provide accurate and timely news to the public.

<!--EndFragment-->